







































 

 
 

Waleed Khan 
 

Phone: 803-457-9963 | Email: wkhan@email.sc.edu  
 
 

Career Objectives   

Dedicated computer engineering student at the University of South Carolina, deeply interested in software design, 

cloud computing, full-stack development, and hardware engineering. Actively engaged as a programmer in an 

electrical engineering laboratory at the university, specializing in optimizing system data collection, display, and 

software maintenance. Possesses practical university experience in object-oriented programming, application 

development, computer hardware systems, and circuit analysis. Adept at collaborative teamwork and excelling in 

individual settings, actively seeking opportunities aligned with software engineering, challenging tasks, and 

contributing to innovative solutions in a professional environment. 

 

Education   
University of South Carolina, Columbia, SC                    Expected Graduation: Dec 2024 

Degree: Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering 

 

Relevant Coursework: 

Advanced Programming Techniques, Algorithmic Design II, Computer Architecture, Introduction to Computer 

Networks, Computer Systems Engineering, Mobile Application Development, Embedded Systems, Unix/Linux 

Fundamentals, Statistics for Engineers 

 

Technical Skills  
Programming/Markup Languages: Java, Python, JavaScript, HTML, CSS,  C++, C, SQL 

Software Applications: Microsoft Excel/Google Workspace, ROS (Robot OS), Intel Quartus Prime 

Operating Systems: Windows OS, Linux, Mac OS 

Web Design: Designed webpages and websites for a variety of functions 

Hardware Systems: Familiar with layout and hardware design of computer and electrical systems 

Troubleshooting: Performed hard resets on computers, run diagnostic tests, and allocate memory 

 

Work Experience 

Undergraduate Research Assistant, University of South Carolina                              January 2023 – Present  

• Oversaw the meticulous maintenance of software tailored to the laboratories. 

diverse equipment, ensuring adaptation to the unique requirements of each research project. 

• Implemented the establishment of a secure and private network for the laboratory, focusing on enhancing 

data protection measures. This involved working with other lab members in the configuration and 

deployment of network infrastructure to safeguard sensitive information. 

• Collaborated with lab members on installation and initial testing of Atomic Force  

Microscope to analyze samples of nitrous-based metals for conductivity. 

• Demonstrated creativity and technical proficiency by creating and designing a website for the laboratory, 

providing a platform to showcase its research history and progress. 

• Worked with other university departments for acquiring new lab equipment and testing samples. 

• Assisted the professor with optimizing new equipment for future research projects and data collection. 

 

Business Development Clerk, Legand Oak Management                              August 2018 – April 2020 

• Scouted for real estate opportunities in South Carolina and recommended them to the development team. 

• Focused search on older homes in good locations that offered maximum opportunity. 

• Coordinated renovations with repair team in order to complete projects in an effective manner. 

• Worked 40 hours per week, both in the office and from home. 

 

Extracurricular Activities  

Association for Computing Machinery                                              August 2019 

Cybersecurity Club                                            August 2019 

mailto:wkhan@email.sc.edu

