





































Siddhartha ‘Sidd’ Malik 
sm143@email.sc.edu | (843) 817-8405 | Charleston, SC 

 

 

https://www.linkedin.com/in/siddmalik163/ | scridesharing.com/about | sm143@email.sc.edu 

EDUCATION
University of South Carolina (USC) 
Bachelor of Engineering in Mechanical Engineering, Minor in Computer Science 
GPA: 3.79, Dean’s List: 2 Semesters 

May 2025 
Columbia, SC

RELEVANT COURSEWORK 
Heat Transfer 

Data Structures & Algorithms 
Dynamics 

Mechatronics 
Machine Design 

Project Management

RELATED EXPERIENCE 
Teacher Assistant for Physics 211, USC 

• Assist in helping science and engineering students learn the curriculum for physics. 
• Includes classical mechanics and special relativity. 

 
Teacher Assistant for Computer Science 146, USC 

• Assist in creating programs using Java and teach students about data structures. 

• Includes arrays, linked lists, heaps, binary trees, and graphs. 

January 2023 – January 2024 
Columbia, SC 

 
 

August 2023 – December 2023 
Columbia, SC

RESEARCH EXPERIENCE 
SC Ridesharing, USC 
Web Developer 

• Program a self-adapting database that students can use to find ridesharing trips. 

• Addresses the need for access to more transportations on-campus. 

• Involves frontend/backend development, user testing, and marketing. 
• Received 4000 dollars’ worth of research grants for this project. 

 
Nuclear Magnetic Resonance System, USC 
ME Researcher 

• Creating a NMR system to measure the magnetic particle concentrations of water 
samples. 

• Involves creating an electromagnet to hold back particles and conducting signal 
conditioning. 

August 2022 – January 2024 
Columbia, SC 

 
 
 
 
 

 March 2024 – Present 
Columbia, SC

ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE 
Department of Housing, USC 
Resident and Conference Assistant 

• Provide housing and meeting services to university departments and guests. 
• Served more than a 100 housing groups and individuals in this role. 

• Builds understanding of working in a full-fledged industry and interacting with 
stakeholders. 

August 2023 – Present 
Columbia, SC 

ACTIVITIES 
American Society of Mechanical Engineers, USC 
Member 

• Working on engineering projects in relation to Tiger Burn and attending 
professional seminars. 

 
Deputy Secretary of Safety and Transportation, USC 
Cabinet Position in Student Government 

• Find innovative solutions to upgrading transportation on-campus and assist with 
policies regarding student safety.  

August 2022 – Present 
Columbia, SC 

 
 
 

March 2024 – Present 
Columbia, SC

 
SKILLS 

Proficient in CAD, Creo, MATLAB, LabView, and FEMM 
Experienced Programmer in Python, C++, Java; Backend and Frontend Scripting (JS, CSS, HTML, Bootstrap, PHP, jQuery, 
APIs, MySQL).
 


