































Duayne Alexander Wright Jr

751 Jacobs Mill Pond Rd / Duaynealex@gmail.com / 803-567-9785

Objective
Detail-oriented Computer Science undergraduate student with one year of experience in calibrating, testing, and
analyzing structural vibration data. Variety of experience in C/C++, Java, JavaScript, Python, MatLab, HTML, and CSS.
Developed a python-based visualization tool to determine the extent to which sensors can be relocated without
recalibration. Additional projects include IPC implementation for file handling using shared memory, backend and GUI
development for a project management tool, and algorithm implementations in Huffman Trees, graph theory, and
dynamic programming. Seeking a challenging position in Software Development where I can utilize my experience to
contribute to the growth and success of the company as well as the community.

Education
University of South Carolina - Currently Enrolled
Columbia, SC - Dean’s List May 2025
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science GPA: 4.0

University of Maryland Global Campus
University of Maryland, FPO AP - Dean’s List December 2020
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science - 54 credits completed GPA: 3.87

Relevant Coursework
Advanced Technical Writing Computer Networks Operating Systems
Applied Linear Algebra Data Structures and Algorithms Software Engineering
Computer Architecture MTA Software Development Fundamentals (98-361)

Relevant Experience
Research Assistant
ASSET, LLC - Columbia, SC May 2023 - Current
● Successfully conducted multiple experiments, with over 3,000 data points collected, to determine 100%
confidence in sensor relocation without recalibration for a radius of up to 6 inches.
● Analyzed and annotated over 9,300 event reviews to assist in ASSET’s machine learning capabilities, improving
the quality of life and safety for senior citizens in assisted living facilities.
● Individually created handwritten blueprints and constructed 14 layouts utilizing TeXstudio software.

Professional Musician June 2018 - July 2022
United States Marine Corps Band - Okinawa, Japan
● Participated in and perfected objectives such as training, swimming, and martial arts courses.
● Dedicated an average of 15 hours per week in preparation for any given performance or maintenance.
● Performed a variety of concerts for employees and foreign artists encompassing the Indo-Pacific region.
● Memorized music and marching movements in 30 days to perform for an audience of 150,000 people over the
span of 9 days. This resulted in a successfully completed joint musical operation to improve and maintain foreign
relations with the United States.
● Committed to musical performance and excellence for 12 years.

Section Manager February 2021 - July 2021
United States Marine Corps Band - Okinawa, Japan
● Maintained the upkeep of gear, memorized music, and routines for 10 colleagues under my charge.
● Directly responsible for handling and building upon the successes and failures of the section.
● Personally developed daily warm up routines to enhance the musicianship and playing capability.


