


























Aishneet-Resume (1).docx


Aishneet Juneja
aishneet.juneja@gmail.com aishneet-juneja Aishneet

WORK EXPERIENCE

University of South Carolina | Graduate Research Assistant Jan 2024 - Present
▪ Conducting innovative research in computer vision, deep learning and edge computing, with a focus on

Multi-tenant and Multi-modal concepts.
University of South Carolina | Graduate Teaching Assistant Aug 2023 - Present
▪ Providing comprehensive grading support, constructive feedback in Mobile Application Development course.

Fusion Global Business Solutions | Software Engineer Sep 2020 – Jul 2023
▪ Built a web application used to analyze and visualize the ticket management data driving process improvement.

o Implemented an NLP-based NER use case to detect sensitive information, ensuring GDPR compliance.
o Took care of backend, frontend, testing, releases as well as the documentation.

▪ Digitized and automated the manual library system to ease management and speeds up the process by 5x times.
▪ Developed a Gantt chart component to efficiently manage, plan, and fulfill project requirements, accelerating

the process by threefold.
▪ Created an end to end web application to manage tickets for a customer care ticketing system.

TCS Pvt. Ltd | Data Scientist Intern Feb 2020 – Jun 2020
▪ Developed a COVID-19 dashboard to forecast confirmed and mortality cases for the next seven days.

Integrated a chatbot for safety-related inquiries and performed sentiment analysis on tweets to assess mental
health trends during the pandemic.

Codenscious Technologies Pvt. Ltd. |Machine Learning Intern Jun 2019 – Jul 2019
▪ Built a deep learning model that could classify between student and non-student present in school premises

through CCTV footage with 75.45% accuracy.

PROJECTS

Close Query Prediction in Stack Overflow
▪ A machine learning classifier that predicts whether a query on Stack Overflow will be closed at the time of

question creation. It can be used to redirect to the solution if anyone tries to create an already solved query.

Sentiment Analysis
▪ Created a CNN to label movie reviews as positive or negative with an evaluation accuracy of 89%.

EDUCATION

University of South Carolina Aug 2023 - Exp. May 2025
Master of Science, Computer Science GPA: 3.83
Medi-Caps University Aug 2016 - May 2020
Bachelor of Technology, Computer Science CGPA: 8.97

SKILLS & ACHIEVEMENTS

▪ Skills: Python, PyCoral, PyTorch, NLTK, Spacy, Pyarrow, Scikit-Learn, Docker, Java, Springboot, Vue.js, Amcharts,
MongoDB, SQL, Git, HTML, CSS, C, Hugging Face Transformers, Critical Thinking, Communication, Problem Solving

▪ Achievements:
o Peer Award: Recognised for the collaboration and teamwork at Fusion in 2022.
o Second place in Hackathon: Developed an AI chatbot that provided personalized news feeds in 2022.
o Rising-Star Award: Recognized as star performer with exceptional growth in first year at Fusion in 2021.

mailto:aishneet.juneja@gmail.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/aishneet-juneja/
https://github.com/Aishneet

