





































Deja Scott_Resume


About Me

Motivated Computer Science graduate
pursuing a Master’s and PhD with a
concentration in computer vision. With over six
years of experience in web application
development and five years in research, I am
dedicated to expanding my expertise in the
field of Computing, specifically in Computer
Vision, Machine Learning, and Deep Learning,
to assist others.

   Bash/Unix Command

   Git Version Control

   PostgreSQL

   JetBrains IntelliJ

   IDEA/PyCharm

   Linux Web Server

Tools

   Python

   C/C++

   Java

   Ruby

Languages

   TypeScript

   JavaScript

   HTML 

   CSS

   Ruby on Rails

   Angular 8-16

   Android SDK

   Node.js

   Numpy

Frameworks &
Libraries

OpenCV

   Open3D

   PyTorch

   TensorFlow

   Java Play

(GIA) Graduate Instructing/Lab Assistant
University of South Carolina

Assisting Students with in-class assignments and homework questions
Explaining concepts in programming and the Java programming language
Demonstrating course concepts with code and other visuals

Experience

Aug. 2021 - Present

IT Consultant/Developer/Graduate Research Assistant
Columbia, SC

UofSC Research Information Technology

Full Stack development of the WorldEngraved Web Interface
Maintain and debugged source files on HPC Cluster for Snowvision Project
Design and Implement Image Processing Algorithms for Snowvision Project
Developing Deep Learning Models for Image Segmentation, Object
Detection, and Shape Matching

June 2019 - PresentUofSC Research Information Technology 

Creating and now maintaining the user interface for the Snowvision Design
matching algorithm
Troubleshooting interface/algorithm interaction 
Designing and implementing improvements to the interface to ensure
seamless interaction with the algorithm. 

Aug. 2022 - Dec. 2022

DEJA SCOTT

World Engraves Frontend Developer

(123)-456-7890Phone 

ds17@email.sc.eduEmail 

https://github.com/DS-77GitHub 

www.linkedin.com/in/deja-sLinkedIn

Contact Me

Research Support Intern
UofSC Research Information Technology

Designing and implementing user interfaces
Documenting resource code for projects
Testing and debugging projects 
Collaborating with clients on project design

June 2019 - Aug. 2021

Intern
Nova Band Communications LLC

Managing equipment
Designing Cabling Infrastructures
Updating Computer hardware
Analysing Break fixes.

Jan. 2014 - Aug. 2018

Volunteer Web Developer Consultant
University of South Carolina | Create-A-Thon

Strategizing and implementing solutions to improve user experience 
Collaborating with volunteer marketing strategist for designing webpage
infrastructure 
Providing mentorship to visual communications students in web design

Oct. 2021

Peer Reviewer
CVPR (2023 - 2024) Conference 2023-2024



(803) 261-0957Phone 

ds17@email.sc.eduEmail 

https://github.com/DS-77GitHub 

www.linkedin.com/in/deja-sLinkedIn

DEJA SCOTT

Research Intrest

Computer Vision, Image Processing, Deep
Learning, and Machine Learning

 Discover UofSC 2021:

Undergraduate Excellence and

Outstanding Achievement Award

Dean’s List 2018-2021

Atlantic Institute: Future Leaders

Dialogue Dinner Attendee (2017)

Midlands Technical College Life

Scholarship (2016-2018)

All About Education Scholar (2016)

Awards

University of South Carolina

Ph.D in Computer Science

August 2022 - Ongoing

University of South Carolina

Master of Science in Computer Science

August 2023 - Ongoing

Education

University of South Carolina

B.S.C.S Bachelor in Computer Science

August 2018 - August 2021

Midlands Technical College

A.S.A.S Associate in Science

August 2016 - May 2018
Graduated with Honors

Contact Me Research Experience

Research Assistant
Snowvision Research Project

I am responsible for designing and implementing an algorithm that splits the RGB
image of a cultural heritage object and pairs it with its previously split depth
image. This algorithm uses contour-based shape matching to assign the RGB
image to the corresponding depth image. I also maintained the algorithm source
files on the HPC cluster.

Full Stack Developer
Snowvision Research Project

I am responsible for the frontend development of the World Engraves website,
Spring Boot Server Client, and PostgreSQL database, and maintaining the
connection from the Airavata Science Gateway to the HPC cluster. 

Frontend Developer
Snowvision Research Project

I was responsible for the front-end development of the World Engraves website. I
designed and implemented the user interface for interacting with the Snowvision
Design matching algorithm. 

Publications & Presentations

Presentation

April 2021. Discover UofSC 2021, Contour-Based Shape Matching and
Segmentation of Cultural Heritage Objects, Virtual. Presenter

Publication

“Snowvision: Segmenting, Identifying, and Disseminating Stamped Curve Patterns
from Fragments of Pottery” International Journal of Computer Vision, 2022 

Presentation

February 2024. UofSC/Lexington 1 Game Development Field Trip, Want to
become a Game Developer?, Oral, Presenter

Publication

"Orthogonal Dictionary Guided Shape Completion Network for Point Cloud"
AAAI, 2024 (Submission Pending)


